You wait for the termination notice.
Hmm nice
The acting is really good
I almost believed it
Everything my dad said was true
You're a bad uncle waiting to be fired
Shut up little brat
Your dad is just a lunatic
I'm too lazy to argue with him.
Don't go, right?
Well, I'll ask the security to blow you away
You should think about your own way out first
I said you'd get a call right now
You are talking nonsense and I won't believe you.
Is that right? I think you're being stubborn.
How dare you?
Dare to disrespect Mr. Long
You have been fired.
Waiting for your leader to come and hand over the formalities.
Get out of the dealership
This
That can't be true.
It's not a good sign to deceive yourself
Wang Wanyu, you kid, get over here
bastard
Dare to let Ronghui call in person to fire you
Really capable